CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Welcome to Django-CRM!
## Thank you for your interest in contributing to the project! 

[CRM software](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm) published recently. So for now, just briefly.

Сode contributions are not the only way to help the project. There are many opportunities to support and contribute:

- Just add a star ⭐️ and fork the repository, this will already be a valuable help for the project.
- Submit GitHub issues about bugs or desired new features.
  - Please follow the [security policy](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm?tab=security-ov-file#security-ov-file).
- Improving [Documentation](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm/tree/main/docs)  and help pages.
- Localization - performing translation (in context) CRM interface and help pages.
- Taking part in creating the project website on the github.io
- Writing Code.
  - It's easier to start by working with issues marked with a [“good first issue”](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm/labels/good%20first%20issue) label.
  - Create a draft PR when starting work on bigger changes.

Commit message:

Fix typo and add test command to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Welcome to Django-CRM!
## Thank you for your interest in contributing to the project! 

[CRM software](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm) published recently. So for now, just briefly.

Code contributions are not the only way to help the project. There are many opportunities to support and contribute:

- Just add a star ⭐️ and fork the repository, this will already be a valuable help for the project.
- Submit GitHub issues about bugs or desired new features.
  - Please follow the [security policy](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm?tab=security-ov-file#security-ov-file).
- Improving [Documentation](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm/tree/main/docs) and help pages.
- Localization - performing translation (in context) CRM interface and help pages.
- Taking part in creating the project website on the github.io
- Writing Code.
  - It's easier to start by working with issues marked with a [“good first issue”](https://github.com/DjangoCRM/django-crm/labels/good%20first%20issue) label.
  - Run tests before creating a Pull Request.  

  ```cmd
  python manage.py test tests/ --noinput
  ```

  - Create a draft PR when starting work on bigger changes.
